[DOCS] Update Use Great Expectations with Amazon Web Services using Athena (#8406)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/guides/setup/installation/components_local/_check_python_version.mdx

### 1. Check Python version
-->

> Run the following command to check the Python version that you have installed:  

Author: ```suggestion
Run the following code to check the Python version that you have installed:  
```

```console title="Terminal command"
python --version
```

> Great Expectations supports Python versions 3.7 through 3.10. If a Python 3 version number is not returned, run the following command:

Reviewer: Do we officially support 3.11?

Author: @anthonyburdi the text has been updated to include 3.11

> Great Expectations supports Python versions 3.7 through 3.10. If a Python 3 version number is not returned, run the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
Great Expectations supports Python versions 3.7 through 3.11. If a Python 3 version number is not returned, run the following code:
```
